.TH NEOSC_NEO_READ_STATUS 3  2015-04-10 "" ""
.SH NAME
neosc_neo_read_status \- fetch YubiKey NEO applet status information
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <libneosc.h>
.sp
.BI "int neosc_neo_read_status(void *ctx, NEOSC_STATUS *state);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR neosc_neo_read_status()
function returns current status information of the NEO applet.
.in +4n
.nf

typedef struct
{
        int major;
        int minor;
        int build;
        int pgmseq;
        int touchlevel;
        int config1;
        int config2;
        int touch1;
        int touch2;
        int ledinv;
} NEOSC_STATUS;
.in
.fi
.PP
major, minor and build refer to the NEO applet version. pgmseq is the current programming sequence number. touchlevel is the current button touch level (see BUGS). config1 and config2 are non-zero if there is valid configuration for slot 1 or slot 2. touch1 and touch2 are non-zero if slot1 or slot2 require button touching. ledinv is non-zero if the LED behaviour is inverted.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The
.BR neosc_neo_read_status()
function returns zero in case of success and -1 in case of any error.
.SH BUGS
You can't read the actual button touch level through the NEO applet due to a YubiKey bug for certain NEO applet versions.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neosc_neo_select (3),
.BR neosc_pcsc_open (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Steinmetz
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2015 Andreas Steinmetz
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
