.TH NEOSC_NEO_YUBIOTP 3  2015-04-10 "" ""
.SH NAME
neosc_neo_yubiotp \- configure YubiKey Yubico OTP token
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <libneosc.h>
.sp
.BI "int neosc_neo_yubiotp(void *ctx, int slot, unsigned char *pubid,"
.BI "                      int publen, unsigned char *privid, int privlen,"
.BI "                      unsigned char *aesdata, int aeslen,"
.BI "                      int tktflags, int cfgflags, int extflags,"
.BI "                      unsigned char *newcode, int newlen,"
.BI "                      unsigned char *code, int codelen);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR neosc_neo_yubiotp()
function configures the YubiKey Yubico OTP token functionality for the selected slot. slot must be 0 or 1 for slot 1 or slot 2. If pubid is not NULL it points to the public id which has a length of 0 to 16 bytes. If privid is not NULL it points to the 6 byte private id. aesdata points to the 16 byte secret. tktflags may be 0 or any combination of NEOSC_TKT_TAB0, NEOSC_TKT_TAB1, NEOSC_TKT_TAB2, NEOSC_TKT_DELAY1, NEOSC_TKT_DELAY2, NEOSC_TKT_CR and NEOSC_TKT_PROTECT2. cfgflags may be 0 or any combination of NEOSC_CFG_YUBI_SENDREF, NEOSC_CFG_YUBI_PACE_10 and NEOSC_CFG_YUBI_PACE_20. extflags may be any valid combination of the global extended flags. If newcode is not NULL it points to the new 6 byte configuration access code. If code is not NULL it points to the current 6 byte configuration access code.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The
.BR neosc_neo_yubiotp()
function returns zero in case of success and -1 in case of any error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neosc_neo_select (3),
.BR neosc_pcsc_open (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andreas Steinmetz
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2015 Andreas Steinmetz
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
